fhirServer, pagination and fhirAuthorization (#77)
HL7/cds-hooks: input/pagecontent/index.md

----- | ----- | ----- | --------
`hook` | REQUIRED | *string* | The hook that triggered this CDS Service call. See [Hooks](#hooks).
`hookInstance` | REQUIRED | *string* | A universally unique identifier (UUID) for this particular hook call (see more information below).

> `fhirServer` | RECOMMENDED | *URL* | The base URL of the CDS Client's [FHIR](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/) server.  If the CDS Client has a fhir server, this field SHOULD be present.  The scheme MUST be `https` when production data is exchanged.

Author: ```suggestion
`fhirServer` | CONDITIONAL | *URL* | The base URL of the CDS Client's [FHIR](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/) server. If fhirAuthorization is provided, this field is REQUIRED.  The scheme MUST be `https` when production data is exchanged.
```
